right back cheers continue he got going
on there now the promise Phan more than
100 million views on YouTube for the one
who transforms herself into so many
stars now since we began this morning
she's been turned herself into someone
where we're going to have the reveal in
a moment the first I'll look too great I
look at the amateur makeup artist who's
become an internet sensation so first
I'm going to find the liquid foundation
she calls herself just a normal girl who
loves makeup but these transformations
are way beyond playing dress-up my son
Kim Kardashian her name is promise Phan
and she can turn herself as just about
anyone
celebrities like Angelina Jolie and
Taylor Swift to guess who yep that's
Johnny Depp and there's Michael Jackson
she's even mastered Fantasy characters
and avatar Jessica Rabbit and Pocahontas
one says she's completely self-taught
and has gained millions of followers
thanks to a series of youtube tutorials
another lady gaga makeup look where she
shows her fans step by step so the
miracles of makeup her videos have over
100 million views fons most skillful
tricks totally transforming the shape of
her nose by contouring with eyeshadow
running from the eyebrows and changing
her look shape with lighter and
concealer add a wig and some colored
contacts and well she's Scarlett
Johansson or King Fenton even Marilyn
Monroe enjoying us now is promised fall
made up to look like you hear the music
promise since I was a little girl I
always you know I was fascinated with
makeup my mom would put her makeup on
out just sit there and watch me right
now and once she locked the house I
would run into her makeup bag and start
painting my face and before she came
back I was just you know put it back so
since I was a kid I was just really
fascinated with makeup and that's just
you know as I google her i use my face
as a canvas so how did you transform
yourself into Nicki Minaj right here
what'd you do first I used a dark
foundation and then a liquid foundation
that I went in with a powder foundation
and then I did a lot of highlighting and
contouring my face to look like Paris
another slender nose and a lot of
highlighting on the cheeks the poor head
of the chin and then I just you know
vibrant I shadows on and come to my lips
and your website is as a huge huge
success and don't even met your husband
yeah what gave us one key makeup tip I
would say the best luck since I do crazy
transformations I would just say that
you know just be bold and experiment you
know just by changing your hair color
and changing the shape of your eyebrows
you can really look like a different
person so just you know just stare to
try different things that's good advice
there why not have some fun with it yeah
you're good fun this morning post thank
you thank you for